NEW Example frontend app client configuration is now exposed via an API endpoint and fetched (#184)
silverstripe/silverstripe-ckan-registry: docs/en/frontend.md

You don't have to implement your own application as the example is enabled out of the box.

### Getting started

The most important part of the frontend application is its ability to read the frontend client configuration schema,
which is a JSON representation of the CMS configured endpoint, columns, and filters for the CKAN dataset.

This can be achieved in one of two ways:

* Append `/schema` to any CKAN Registry Page's frontend URL (e.g. `http://example.com/my-ckan-page/schema`) to fetch
  the schema with an XHR request (for example)
* Use `$CKANClientConfig` in a SilverStripe template to inject it as a data attribute (for example)

> The `CKANExampleApp` example entrypoint component fetches the schema as a sub URL of the current request URL and passes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CKANExampleApp` example entry point component fetches the schema as a sub URL of the current request URL and passes
```
